                                                   Django Introduction
 
what is Django?
Django is back end server side web framework.It is free ,open source and written in python. Django makes easier to build a web sites using python.
we can create a complete web application using django.It is also called batteries included web framework Django because it provides built in features for everything including django admin,interfaces,default databases
Django is especially useful database driven websites.django provide some restframework to build restAPI's for mobile application.
why django?
TO prepare a excellent documentation and scalability 
django contains a huge library and features such as web scraping, machine learning, image processing,scientific computing etc.
Django is very fast ,secure and scalable making it an attractive framework choice for thousands of developers.

Features of django:
Stability 
Excellent documentation 
Resolves security issues 
Highly scalable 
Huge library of packages 
Utilize SEO 
Applications of django:
Django is a versatile web framework used in a wide range of industries and projrects. 
By using Django many pages were developed 
You tube, Instagram, sportify

MVT(model,view,template):
Model:
Model is going to act as interface of your data 
t is responsible for maintaining data 
It is the logical data structure behind the entire application and is represented by database 
It is a database when we send the request to it send back the data 
View:
It act as link between model data and template 
It contains python logics which required to web applications 
This view also sends response to the user when the application is used to understand briefly 
We can say that this view.py can deal with the http response 
Template:
A template consists of static part of the desired HTML output as well as some special syntax describing how dynamic contant will be inserted  
The language we use  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript. 
Rest framework:
Django rest frameworks is a wrapper over the default Django framework, basically used to create APL,s of various kinds.  
Frameworks are software that development and used by developer to build apllications  
web frameworks:
it is a software that is designed to support the development of web applications include 
1.web services 
2. web browser 
3.web Api’s
Rest API's:
Having web applications or web page communicate with a cloud based server  
REST: Representational state Transfer 
Benefits of Rest API's:
Simple  standard and industry used 
There are scalable and secure
High performance in large part due to the fact that they support caching 

 

  

 

 

